hi everyone in this video I'm gonna be
showing you how to do this site or
makeup tutorial at the sideboard makeup
kit you can also call this like a
robotic makeup tutorial or terminator
makeup look for Halloween so the first
step is just gonna start off with a
hydrating lotion I always like to
hydrate my face before I apply anything
onto my face that's just personal
preference but you do want to start off
with clean dry skin the things that are
included in this makeup kit are the two
tattoos a makeup sponge the circle with
the makeup in it that's in brush also
it's called scar skin which is the what
we're going to be applying around the
attacks to later on in the video so the
first the seconds to have what you're
gonna do is you're gonna remove the
transparent plastic from the to do some
water you might want to make sure that
your sponge is wet then what you're
gonna do is you're going to place your
tattoo in the desired location I put
mine in my forehead and to determine
when this when it's ready to be removed
you can wait up to 30 to 60 seconds what
I like it was once mine once it's very
damp wet what I like to do is I just
slide it off and once it you can tell
that it when it's sliding off you can
kind of notice that but that too has
been already placed on your skin once
you have placed both of the tattoos that
are included in the kit what you're
going to do is you're going to take your
scarf skin and what you're gonna do is
you're going to need we need it between
your fingers to soft in it and to make
mix its ingredients
then you're gonna gently stretch it and
flatten it out on your skin you're gonna
place this around the edges of the test
that you put on your forehead or
anywhere in the desired locations where
you have to place them and what you can
do is you can flatten it you can stretch
it out and then we're gonna do it after
that you're going to blend in the edges
just to make it more realistic
and then I had to wash my hands after
I've used this product because it was
very sticky then what I did is I with my
nail I blended in the edges after that
you can you can start doing the rest of
your makeup I just put some makeup
Foundation and I blended it with a brush
I didn't put any blush or bronzer on
that was the only makeup that I used for
my face after that you can start using
the makeup that's included in the kit
I started off using the grey and what I
did is I used the brush that came in the
kit and I just gave it some dabbing
motions there's no perfect way to do
this makeup look just have fun with it
after that I cleaned off the brush and
because I'm gonna be using it later
I decided to use the red makeup and I
also put that on the edges of the tattoo
and I blended it with my finger after
that I cleaned off the brush that I had
that had red makeup on it I used a paper
towel and I used the color black after
that an optional step you can also apply
it black this will make the look more
realistic
I thought I'd put it in the kit I bought
it separately at a Halloween store
I kept applying the red makeup black and
gray just to make the look more
realistic and after that I wrapped the
thick blood also with the brush I didn't
dip my brush inside the jar of thick
blood because I didn't want want to
cause any bacteria or anything like I
slipped it out with a little since on
that I have and then I applied it just
there's no perfect way to apply these I
just applied it in various locations I
also wanted to share with you a
different option if by any means you
cannot find this cyborg kit I'm gonna be
showing you an easy way to do the
robotic makeup a little what you're
gonna do is you're gonna draw with a
eyeliner or you can use any black pencil
to draw just where the area where you
want that robotic look to me then you're
gonna get some liquid latex I use one
with the cotton swab and I also use
applied toilet paper after that and you
can do about three or four coats of this
after that I took my tweezers and I
started opening the I guess you could
call it a moon or area where we're gonna
be applying to a body to make up look I
also dip the scissors and I cut off a
big chunk because
I over did it I guess I put more toilet
paper than what I wanted so I I decided
to use this as a scissors to cut that
bomb and I applied some great makeup and
then what I did is I applied some black
makeup I didn't have a very thin brush
to do this so I used the pencil and I
dipped it into that black makeup
don't forget your buttons for this real
body makeup look and then what you're
gonna do is you're gonna take your
makeup brush and you're going to be
applying the red makeup on everywhere
you applied the red I guess the liquid
latex then you can apply something like
blood
another option to finish off this makeup
look you can apply some blood this is
the liquid kind I do have a video on my
channel how to do blood at home a DIY
do-it-yourself video on how to to play
at home which is very easy and it's with
homemade products I really hope you guys
enjoyed watching this video more
Halloween videos will be coming up on my
channel channel so stay tuned for those
I also want to let you know that it's
very easy to remove your makeup you can
always take a makeup wipe put some
makeup remover on it or you can take
baby oil I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this video and I will see you
guys next time bye